So that was destructuring on both arrays as well as objects.
A really powerful tool to quickly Well the structure of a certain object or erate to get certain values
.
Keep in mind that a you're not changing the original objects or race or race and B that basically you
can do the same for arrays and objects but there is this important difference that for object destructuring
you pull out elements by either property name for every destructuring you pull them out by position
.
That is really key to understand and to take away here.
And with that you're of course free to play around with that and see what else you can do with structuring
and use that syntax to be useful for you which a lot of fun with that and I'll see you in the next module